Mah vision
moome
me
Oh
Aaaaaaah my name …
… Light up!
Well, shigILLa...
Don't pick on me,
I understand,
but at least a little bit of that sort of thing.
Don't bow your head before anything good you've done.
I told you to stop.
You gave up and gave me the money.
Give it to me.
Did you do something wrong?
Did you get angry again?
I'll tell you.
Give it to me.
Where are you going?
This is for my master.
Please take this.
I've forgotten what I said.
ka
I'm millionaires,
and my ancestors tok clawac
but my heart is playing
as though
it werefree
to die...
to die without Thee...
But...
... lunch is edge not my body...
...ат Thine bringres tax...
...so from the biblical vow...
Well...
... I do not know!!
You're not dead?
This is my sword.
The reason I killed you is because of your sword.
I feel the pain of losing you.
This is the sin of fate.
That's right.
Thank you for watching.